[Music]
Artificial intelligence is fundamentally changing every field,
and these are the people who want to lead that charge.
This is the AI Incubator, a community of students, faculty,
and staff from all across campus.
We meet once a week to share strategies, pitch ambitious ideas,
test new tools, and solve real problems with AI.
These students are founding their own startups,
leading national discussions, and taking on
real-life projects, like using drones to fly life-saving blood products
to trauma victims in remote areas,
and building software to help them raise money
for survivors of domestic abuse,
and putting AI-powered fundoscopic cameras all across rural Kentucky
to catch diabetic retinopathy.
This is what learning with AI looks like now:
people in a room, building the future together.
So come join us.
No AI or coding experience is required.
Just bring your own curiosity,
and we'll see you there.